feat(packages): eslint-plugin-turbo (#1620)
vercel/turborepo: packages/eslint-plugin-turbo/docs/rules/no-uncached-env-vars.md

# Ensure all environment variables are correctly included in cache keys (`no-uncached-env-vars`)

> Ensures that all usages of environment variables are correctly included in cache keys. This ensures build outputs remain correctly cacheable across environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures that all detectable usage of environment variables are correctly included in cache keys. This ensures build outputs remain correctly cacheable across environments.
```

## Rule Details

> This rule aims to prevent users from forgetting to include an environment variable in their `turbo.json` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule aims to prevent users from forgetting to include an environment variable in their `turbo.json` configuration.
```

The following examples assume the following code:

```js
const client = MyAPI({ token: process.env.MY_API_TOKEN });
```

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```json
{
  "pipeline": {
    "build": {
      "dependsOn": ["^build"],
      "outputs": ["dist/**", ".next/**"]
    },
    "lint": {
      "outputs": []
    },
    "dev": {
      "cache": false
    }
  }
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```json
{
  "globalDependencies": ["$MY_API_TOKEN"]
  "pipeline": {
    "build": {
      "dependsOn": ["^build"],
      "outputs": ["dist/**", ".next/**"]
    },
    "lint": {
      "outputs": []
    },
    "dev": {
      "cache": false
    }
  }
}
```

```json
{
  "pipeline": {
    "build": {

>       "dependsOn": ["^build", "$MY_API_TOKEN"],

Reviewer: Can we actually detect package vs. task vs. global?

Author: I did spend some time thinking about this, and I don't believe we could reliably infer this (without actually running the tasks)

Reviewer: I made the comment because the `correct` patterns were in different locations and a _tiny_ bit confusing. I don't think there is anything wrong with it; but it did make me pause.
